Let me show you something. $3,500, hitting my account, an upfront deposit for an AI project
that was worth $5,500. One email, one telegram chat, no sales calls, no pitch decks, the
client paid within 24 hours. I'm 23, a two-time engineering dropout, no degree, no team, no
funding and over the last three years I've collected more than 38 lakhs working solo
from Arun, cold emails, AI systems, one laptop, one subscription.
But this isn't about me, it's about a model and I want to hand it over to 15 people.
Here's what's happening right now that nobody around you is talking about, honestly.
Companies are pouring trillions of dollars into AI that replaces jobs, not future tense,
present tense. At my last job, I built an app that replaced teams, that replaced a tool
costing 8 lakhs a year. Then I left and built a rack system for my clients that agencies
owed 15 to 40 lakhs per. I delivered it using plot code and my monthly cost, only
11,000 rupees. 663 rupees an hour is what India's top 10% salary breaks up to. That's
minimum wage in America. You're spending 8 to 12 hours a day at someone else's desk
in someone else's system building someone else's dream for less per hour than a teenager
flipping burgers in Ohio. Same hours, same exhaustion, different model. And the window
to switching models is closing fast. I call the other model, the modern AI operator.
Here's what that looks like. You take a skill you already have, coding, writing, marketing,
design, anything, you combine it with AI tools that makes you 10x faster. You don't apply
for jobs, you build an offer, something specific, valuable, priced on outcomes and not ours.
It's not a startup. It's not freelancing. It's a one person operation with the leverage
of a 10% agency because your agency is AI. I used to sell content services. Then I layered
in AI and started selling tech, same clients, 4x the margins, a fraction of the effort.
My entire business runs on Claude max, $100 a month. The projects I deliver sell from
$5,000 to $10,000 each. I figured this out the hard way. 3 years of cold emails, 5,000
losing money, trading markets, dropping out of college twice, taking a job that I hated
just to get the reps in and then quitting that too. I don't want you to take three years.
I want you to compress this down into eight weeks. The modern AI operator is an eight
week live accelerator for 15 people application only. This is not a course. You can watch
it 2x and forget this is me live on calls building with you together. We will build
your offer together and I will approve on that. Then we set up your cold email infrastructure,
the exact system I use to connect with millionaires and close international deals. We then take
your offer to the market. We send real emails to real prospects during the program and when
someone replies, I show you how to scope it, price it and deliver on it using AI. I'm also
running one of my own campaigns live during the cohort so you can see exactly how I operate
in real time, not replace, not a case study from last year, but life. You get the work
flows, the email templates, the scope documents, the pricing frameworks and access to my tools,
a community of 15 serious operators who will become your referral network and direct access
to me, of course, acing DMS, personalized feedback to your offers, your outreach for
three months after the program ends. I'm limiting this to only 15 people because I want to know
each of you personally. I want to see your emails before you send them. I want to review
your offers. I want to be there when you close your first deal. This is already at beta pricing
significantly below what I'll charge for the next cohort if there even is one at this size,
but I'm not putting a number on this video. You'll get the pricing only after you're selected from
the application process. What I will tell you now is that one project close from the system
pays for the entire program in multiples. My last project was $5,500 from just one
telegram chat. The ROI math does itself. 15 sports application only. I review every single
one personally. If you're someone with skill, a hunger and eight weeks of commitment, apply
below. If you're looking for a magic button, please do not apply. I didn't have anyone to show me the
model. I lost yours figuring it out alone. You do not have to the model AI operator. Eight weeks,
15 people apply now.